c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\bin\Debug\TWShortcutMenu.dll
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\bin\Debug\TWShortcutMenu.pdb
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\bin\Debug\TWShortcutMenu.pkgdef
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\bin\Debug\TWShortcutMenu.vsix
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\bin\Debug\extension.vsixmanifest
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\obj\Debug\TWShortcutMenu.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\obj\Debug\MyControl.baml
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\obj\Debug\MyControl.g.i.cs
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\obj\Debug\TWShortcutMenu_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\obj\Debug\TWShortcutMenu.g.resources
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\obj\Debug\Microsoft.TWShortcutMenu.Resources.resources
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\obj\Debug\TWShortcutMenu.cto
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\obj\Debug\TWShortcutMenu.dll
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\obj\Debug\TWShortcutMenu.pdb
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\obj\Debug\TWShortcutMenu.pkgdef
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\obj\Debug\TWShortcutMenu.latest.pkgdef
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\obj\Debug\extension.vsixmanifest
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\obj\Debug\VSCT.read.1.tlog
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\obj\Debug\VSCT.write.1.tlog
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources.original
c:\Users\leithmc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TWShortcutMenu\TWShortcutMenu\obj\Debug\CtoResourceMerger.cache
