c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\obj\Debug\VSModalDialog.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\obj\Debug\MyModalDialog.baml
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\obj\Debug\MyModalDialog.g.cs
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\obj\Debug\VSModalDialog_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\obj\Debug\VSModalDialog.g.resources
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\obj\Debug\Microsoft.VSModalDialog.Resources.resources
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\obj\Debug\VSModalDialog.cto
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\bin\Debug\VSModalDialog.dll
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\bin\Debug\VSModalDialog.pdb
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\bin\Debug\VSModalDialog.pkgdef
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\bin\Debug\VSModalDialog.vsix
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\bin\Debug\extension.vsixmanifest
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\obj\Debug\VSModalDialog.dll
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\obj\Debug\VSModalDialog.pdb
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\obj\Debug\VSModalDialog.pkgdef
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\obj\Debug\VSModalDialog.latest.pkgdef
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\obj\Debug\extension.vsixmanifest
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\obj\Debug\VSCT.read.1.tlog
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\obj\Debug\VSCT.write.1.tlog
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources.original
c:\users\leithmc\documents\visual studio 10\Projects\VSModalDialog\VSModalDialog\obj\Debug\CtoResourceMerger.cache
D:\sdtree\Parsnip\Dev11\Dev11SDK\VSModalDialog\cs\obj\Debug\VSModalDialog.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
D:\sdtree\Parsnip\Dev11\Dev11SDK\VSModalDialog\cs\obj\Debug\VSModalDialog_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\sdtree\Parsnip\Dev11\Dev11SDK\VSModalDialog\cs\obj\Debug\VSModalDialog.dll
D:\sdtree\Parsnip\Dev11\Dev11SDK\VSModalDialog\cs\obj\Debug\VSModalDialog.pdb
D:\sdtree\Parsnip\Dev11\Dev11SDK\VSModalDialog\cs\bin\Debug\VSModalDialog.dll
D:\sdtree\Parsnip\Dev11\Dev11SDK\VSModalDialog\cs\obj\Debug\MyModalDialog.baml
D:\sdtree\Parsnip\Dev11\Dev11SDK\VSModalDialog\cs\obj\Debug\MyModalDialog.g.cs
D:\sdtree\Parsnip\Dev11\Dev11SDK\VSModalDialog\cs\obj\Debug\VSModalDialog.g.resources
D:\sdtree\Parsnip\Dev11\Dev11SDK\VSModalDialog\cs\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources
D:\sdtree\Parsnip\Dev11\Dev11SDK\VSModalDialog\cs\obj\Debug\Microsoft.VSModalDialog.Resources.resources
D:\sdtree\Parsnip\Dev11\Dev11SDK\VSModalDialog\cs\obj\Debug\VSModalDialog.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\sdtree\Parsnip\Dev11\Dev11SDK\VSModalDialog\cs\bin\Debug\VSModalDialog.pdb
